can I help you
y-yes yes you can I'm here to report a
terrible crime and what terrible crime
is that this one nah I told this
all wrong quick history lesson this all
started when the Joker and I broke up
it was completely usual and soon enough
I was back on my feet ready to embrace
the fierce goddess within it's oh so now
that I cut ties with mr. J I'm about to
learn that a lot of people want me dead
oh hello I'm at the top of that list is
this guy
I wasn't the only daemon got them
looking for emancipation robbed him you
betrayed him
you'd kill these BFF what you are so
cool you're dumb enough to be building a
case against him so unless we all wanna
die
very unpleasant death we're gonna have
to work together sure
psychologically speaking vengeance
rarely brings the catharsis we hope for
yeah are we ready
oh is that a hyena in a bottle
named and Bruce after that hunky wine
guy and initiate sequences are made of
I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this
but you got yourself killed
at rst we'd reveal the most important
assets in the US military soldiers like
yourself you're the first who we've
successfully managed to bring back but
improved enhanced with the technology in
your veins you have an army inside you
that will not only make
they will heal your installation for
now tell me do you remember anything
where you going
I got unfinished business
find the man who murdered my wife and
killer
[Music]
that's not good all right sundown
and initiate sequence okay who is the
next target for elimination
these are made of they tell me do you
remember anything
do I know you guys I don't think so
I've been manipulating you
what you think is really sometimes ain't
and initiate sequence
[Music]
you can't control me for
you sure about that
revenge is what makes a man like you
exceptional
know nothing about men like me
[Music]
is absolutely fantastic
I feel like I just heard this a bit
lately somebody people
what's the last thing you remember Danny
you said we had to run the reason you
survived it's because you're a very
uncommon girl you're not alone not
anymore
do you know what mutants are would
anyone like to she had their first time
rain I was 13 I thought it was a dream I
just lost control
so I started panicking people got hurt
Roberto my girlfriend and partner
Viviana
I killed 18 men one by one
[Music]
this isn't a hospital it's a cage
it's important we find out your collar
so we can help you get better
I saw something I don't think she wanted
me to see
I don't think we're here to cut better
this place takes your grade it's for
year and later lived through it until it
kills you is there we can get out of
this together
[Music]
I just have nothing
and then I got this job this family
but nothing lasts forever
I heard you had to leave in a hurry
it's never easy these days
so what are you going to do I've lived a
lot of lives but I'm done running from
my past
[Music]
and now you're out there I know you know
I'm out here so we gonna talk like
grown-ups is that what we are
[Music]
it's good to see - yes what brings you
home
we have unfinished business we have to
go back to where it all started
lucky us
one thing's for sure gonna be a hell of
a reunion
[Music]
still fits family back together again
you got fat
[Music]
my life hasn't been what you probably
think it has we all have our struggles
have you ever been in love a long long
time ago you so many times yeah all the
time
[Music]
welcome to the future
life is good but it can be better
why should we be all you need is to what
think about finally having everything
you always wanted
I can see today
[Applause]
I take I want in return
everyone must see
[Applause]
[Music]
and I'll need you
you know you need to do
[Music]
nothing good is born from lies
and greatness is not what you think
[Music]
oh that's justice trash can it's just a
trash can
yeah yeah Michael I've learned you since
you were a child you have a gift
you always have if there's an answer to
the disease we'll find it
[Music]
I should have died years ago
why am I still here if not to fix this I
have a rare blood disease and I'm not
out of time
video this could be my last chance
[Music]
you're up to something what is it
that's not exactly playful
I don't want to see you get hurt more
than you already have this would be a
cure
at what cost
[Music]
I went from time
more alive than ever
of increased strength his speed
the ability is echolocation
overpowering urge to consume blood
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
Michael Morbius I tired of doing the old
good guy hang up what's up guy
you